Change log

0.98b: Bruce Lilly reported some bugs and DWP incompatibilities,
mainly with negative numbers in number lists and comma separations in
them.  He also compiles in UWIN under NT, which broke autoconf in some
weird ways.  The most important of these necessitated adding a check
to ensure that install supports -d.

His test case is in the example file now.  He also found some spelling
errors.

The README file now reflects the real state of the world, too.  More
kudos to Bruce.

While tinkering with those autoconf changes I found that grap didn't
compile under g++ 2.7.2.1 any more.  Good thing that 0.97b wasn't
really released.  All is well again.

More fun from Bruce: he's given me patches to make cascding
assignments work and to remove a bug with comments not acting as
separators.

I've also make the order of copy commands more flexible (the until can
go before or after an inline macro, for example) and fixed a bug in
the grammar that made it difficult to put general expressions in
places like the frame size.  Expressions can go anywhere now, at the
expense that string comparisons can only appear in if statements.
Those bugs were also spotted by Bruce.

0.97b: Finally have a copy of egcs, so grap will now compile under it
using both the stl and the standard string class.  What do you know,
compiling under egcs halves the run time.  This is roughly half due to
better egcs compilation and half due to the better performance of the
standard string class.

Moved to a config.h-style grap.h.  Smoothed out the header files to
confine as much conditional compilation as possible to grap.h.

The code now uses hash_maps if they're available.

0.95b: bug fix: deleting grap_buffer_state contents twice on error, allow 
more than one shift description on ticks, grids, and labels.  Thanks to
Anindo Banerjea at ISI for spotting my misimplementation.

Another couple of Bannerjea catches: through is now recognized as a
synonym for thru.  "For," "then" and "else" clauses were previously
treated as macros but now have a terminating separator added to them.
The result is that things like

if (x == 3) { y = y + 1 }
x = x + 1

work now.  (If the { } is treated as a macro defined and expanded on
the spot, the grap parser sees y = y + 1x = x + 1 and cannot parse the
expression y+1x).  The new behavior is both more intuitive and more in
line with previous grap implementations.

More from Anindo: expansion of macro arguments assumed that the only
possible character following a dollar sign was a single digit.  This
caused problems both when a non-digit followed and the $ was literal,
and when the intent was to access an argument with an index greater
than 9.  Argument expansion now only expands when a $ is followed by 1
or more digits, and includes all the digits in the index.

The frame statement will now accept the default line style before or
after the frame size.  I still don't accept things like frame ht 3
solid wid 3 - the specifications of the size must be contiguous.

0.92a: bug fix - string equality check.  Small change to Makefile.in
to support default Solaris behavior.  Added -v for version info.  Some
general internals fiddling (I'd like to call it cleanup, but I think
that's generous).

0.91a: small changes for the RPM

0.9a: Added commands for making bars.  

Error reporting is much closer to the correct line now.

Generalized line descriptions for fillable objects.  

Circles now take a line description.  Added new examples of fillable
objects.

Now using the BSD copyright notice instead of my own half-baked one.

0.8a: alpha release