This is grap, an implementation of Kernigan and Bentley's grap
language for typesetting graphs.  I got sick of groff not having a
version of grap, so I built one.

You're welcome to use grap and give it to anyone you like, as long as
I get what little credit there is to be had from writing it.  You may
*not* sell it for a profit without my permission, even if you add code
to it.  You may, however, distribute it in collections of free
software or shareware, even if a small fee is charged for such a
collection.  Specifically, you may distribute it with free operating
system distributions like FreeBSD or Linux.

I'm not a lawyer.  I want this software to be available to people who
want to use it.  I don't want people selling it for profit.

The code was all written by me, based on K&B's _Grap-A Language for
Typesetting Graphs, Tutorial and User Manual_ by Jon L. Bentley and
Brian W. Kernighan, revised May 1991.  That paper is available from
http://www.kohala.com/~rstevens/troff/troff.html as
http://www.kohala.com/~rstevens/troff/cstr114.ps .  You should check
out the paper for a complete understanding of grap's power.  grap is a
pic preprocessor, so any typesetting language that can use pic can use
grap.  I believe that TeX can use pic, but I wouldn't be surprised if
grap.defines needs to be fooled with.  If you use TeX and find a set
of grap.defines that work, please let me know.

Check out the examples in the examples directory.

So far I've compiled the code on Sunos 4.1.3, Solaris 5.5.1, FreeBSD
2.2.7-3.0, and an unknown version of RedHat Linux.  It may run under
other systems, and your c++ compiler and yacc/lex versions are
probably more important than the type of Unix you run.  Flex 2.5.4 and
the yacc on FreeBSD 2.2.7 are known to work as well as later versions
of bison.  g++ 2.7.2.1 and 2.8.1 have both worked.  grap used the
standard template library, so that may also be a factor.  The STL
included with g++ works.

Edit GNUMakefile to suit your system and run gnu make.  Makefile is a
BSD makefile, and is probably less portable than GNUMakefile.  If
you're running on a BSD system you may prefer the Makefile.  If you're
running FreeBSD I suggest using the port which will hopefully be
available from the ports collection soon or from the web page below.

If you try to compile grap on a new system and have problems, let me
know and I'll try to help.  If you succeed, let me know.

Bug reports or other correspondance to faber@lunabase.org.  This
program is a hobby, so understand that bug reports will be handled as
I have time.  The most recent version should always be available at
http://www.lunabase.org/~faber/Vault/software/grap/ .

